# Database
The project we have created is a simplified bank database based upon our knowledge of small bank branch operations.  With a simplified user login, the program can differentiate between employee, customer, and a manager.  Based upon these inputs the user will only be able to see certain options and access to certain information.  For example, a customer does not have access to all the customer's contact information, only the manager has access to this information.  The manager has access to all bank transactions, loans, and has the ability to enter a new loan.  Only a manager has the ability to add a new loan since a janitor should not have the ability to enter a loan.  
A customer can make withdrawals and deposits into any of their accounts.  Multiple areas have extensive error checking to make sure the customer can not withdraw more than what is in their account.  When a withdraw or deposit is made to any account a transaction history tuple is added to the system to keep track of all transactions.  They also have the ability to sign up for a new account or edit pre existing information.  When a  Additionally, a user can sign into their account through the database and their records will be added.  
	Must incorrect values added by any user will be thrown an error such as as an ID not contained and the user will be prompted to enter a new ID.  Most error checking is done in a while loop and will not allow the user to continue until the appropriate value to enter.  When a customer has signed into the system and tries to go enter an account ID not associated with their account they can not access any of the records and will be prompted back to the login screen.  	
	With the bank database we have created it attempts to cover most of the basic options a local online branch can offer a customer.  Additionally, manager functions have been added to the database to maintain and be useful for future use.  
